ava-snapshots/report.test.js.md, before:

# Snapshot report for `report.test.js`

The actual snapshot is saved in `report.test.js.snap`.

Generated by [AVA](https://ava.li).

## should return an error for an unacceptable file size

> Snapshot 1

    [
      {
        size: 6374,
        type: 'MAX_FILE_SIZE',
      },
    ]

## should return no errors for a "good" snapshot

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      key: '1. snapshot for simple-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return no errors for an acceptable file size

> Snapshot 1

    []

## should return no errors or warnings with no criteria

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      lints: [
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '0. snapshot for primitives 1',
          warnings: [
            {
              type: 'NO_ELEMENTS_FOUND',
            },
          ],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '1. snapshot for simple-rn-component 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '3. snapshot for rendered-object 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '4. snapshot for just-an-object 1',
          warnings: [
            {
              type: 'NO_ELEMENTS_FOUND',
            },
          ],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '5. snapshot for a-styled-object 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '6. snapshot for length-tests 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '7. snapshot for array-of-components 1',
          warnings: [
            {
              type: 'NO_ELEMENTS_FOUND',
            },
          ],
        },
      ],
      path: 'generate-snapshots.js.snap',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the generic attribute error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          attributes: [
            'initialNumToRender',
            'onContentSizeChange',
          ],
          elementName: 'RCTScrollView',
          type: 'GENERIC_ATTR',
        },
      ],
      key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the generic value error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          elementName: 'RCTScrollView',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
      ],
      key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max attribute error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          count: 3,
          elementName: 'Text',
          type: 'MAX_ATTR',
        },
      ],
      key: '1. snapshot for simple-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max attribute length error for a string

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          attributeLength: 44,
          attributeName: 'long',
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'MAX_ATTR_STR_LENGTH',
        },
      ],
      key: '6. snapshot for length-tests 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max attribute length error for an array

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          attributeLength: 7,
          attributeName: 'data',
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'MAX_ATTR_ARR_LENGTH',
        },
      ],
      key: '6. snapshot for length-tests 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max depth error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          depth: 5,
          leafElementName: 'Text',
          type: 'MAX_DEPTH',
        },
        {
          depth: 5,
          leafElementName: 'Text',
          type: 'MAX_DEPTH',
        },
      ],
      key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max generic element warning

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [
        {
          count: 3,
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'MAX_GENERIC_ELEMENT',
        },
      ],
    }

## should return the max lines error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          count: 11,
          type: 'MAX_LINES',
        },
      ],
      key: '1. snapshot for simple-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the no elements found warning

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      key: '0. snapshot for primitives 1',
      warnings: [
        {
          type: 'NO_ELEMENTS_FOUND',
        },
      ],
    }

Commit message:

feat: check type for array length error
feat: add AST types to analysis

fix: add snapshot generator back

fix: add TS types to props

ava-snapshots/report.test.js.md, after:

# Snapshot report for `report.test.js`

The actual snapshot is saved in `report.test.js.snap`.

Generated by [AVA](https://ava.li).

## should not return the max attribute length error for an object

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      key: '8. snapshot for huge-style 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return an error for an unacceptable file size

> Snapshot 1

    [
      {
        size: 6741,
        type: 'MAX_FILE_SIZE',
      },
    ]

## should return no errors for a "good" snapshot

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      key: '1. snapshot for simple-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return no errors for an acceptable file size

> Snapshot 1

    []

## should return no errors or warnings with no criteria

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      lints: [
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '0. snapshot for primitives 1',
          warnings: [
            {
              type: 'NO_ELEMENTS_FOUND',
            },
          ],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '1. snapshot for simple-rn-component 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '3. snapshot for rendered-object 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '4. snapshot for just-an-object 1',
          warnings: [
            {
              type: 'NO_ELEMENTS_FOUND',
            },
          ],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '5. snapshot for a-styled-object 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '6. snapshot for length-tests 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '7. snapshot for array-of-components 1',
          warnings: [
            {
              type: 'NO_ELEMENTS_FOUND',
            },
          ],
        },
        {
          errors: [],
          key: '8. snapshot for huge-style 1',
          warnings: [],
        },
      ],
      path: 'generate-snapshots.js.snap',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the generic attribute error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          attributes: [
            'initialNumToRender',
            'onContentSizeChange',
          ],
          elementName: 'RCTScrollView',
          type: 'GENERIC_ATTR',
        },
      ],
      key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the generic value error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          elementName: 'RCTScrollView',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
        {
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'GENERIC_VALUE',
          values: [
            '[Function]',
          ],
        },
      ],
      key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max attribute error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          count: 3,
          elementName: 'Text',
          type: 'MAX_ATTR',
        },
      ],
      key: '1. snapshot for simple-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max attribute length error for a string

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          attributeLength: 44,
          attributeName: 'long',
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'MAX_ATTR_STR_LENGTH',
        },
      ],
      key: '6. snapshot for length-tests 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max attribute length error for an array

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          attributeLength: 7,
          attributeName: 'data',
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'MAX_ATTR_ARR_LENGTH',
        },
      ],
      key: '6. snapshot for length-tests 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max depth error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          depth: 5,
          leafElementName: 'Text',
          type: 'MAX_DEPTH',
        },
        {
          depth: 5,
          leafElementName: 'Text',
          type: 'MAX_DEPTH',
        },
      ],
      key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the max generic element warning

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      key: '2. snapshot for list-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [
        {
          count: 3,
          elementName: 'View',
          type: 'MAX_GENERIC_ELEMENT',
        },
      ],
    }

## should return the max lines error

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [
        {
          count: 11,
          type: 'MAX_LINES',
        },
      ],
      key: '1. snapshot for simple-rn-component 1',
      warnings: [],
    }

## should return the no elements found warning

> Snapshot 1

    {
      errors: [],
      key: '0. snapshot for primitives 1',
      warnings: [
        {
          type: 'NO_ELEMENTS_FOUND',
        },
      ],
    }
